Meeting Title: Follow-up: Quinn Fresh Eye Report
Date: Apr 16
Meeting participants: Quinn

Transcript:
 
Them: Tom terrific. One of the guys, I think he probably is responsible for driving a lot of this, that he is going to be. These are the only hats he wears, too.  
Me: ROPAT isn't that it.  
Them: I'm not really sure what the difference is. Maybe it's like, it's like a really big face.  
Me: S reading about it and there's lots of people online talking about them being good for big heads. That's interesting.  
Them: Some might say, but, you know, just. Just depends on the situation.  
Me: That's it. That's it.  
Them: I like the big brain thing. Yeah, Chuck, for you, big brain. Thank you, Jake. I don't know. La grande. Yeah. And bar is the same way. Legrand melon. All right, Quinn, can you ground me here? What are we. I've got so many different threads running through my brain. What are we. What do we want to get done on this call?  
Me: So this is a follow-up on some of. The, I guess, conclusions or open items from the last fresh eye report call that we did. And then specifically kind of talking through, I guess, how we can tie next actions to them or just make sure that we've got a house view on them and we're moving forward solving each of them. I assume we're waiting on Beth and Kali unless any of you guys have heard anything different.  
Them: You said she's running late. She just said this. You know what? Let me. And maybe this is. I don't want to preempt this call, but let me show you something that mark and I are working on. Really? It's for you two guys.  
Me: Okay.  
Them: To see. With mark taking a leadership role in product dev. And we're getting closer to what's. What's happening for the. For the Acadia product in dev. You know, we've been spending a lot of time on figuring out refactoring, getting refactoring done. And. And so what we know we're going to come out of refactoring with is a. A legacy platform that can do things faster. And then a new platform that. That anybody you close in this point forward will go on the new platform. And so. But I think we all need. More visibility. We need more visibility from dev as to what this is going to look like. And I'm sure dev needs from us, you know, more details about what we want. So here's. Here's what we're working on. And this is basically, you know, dev has their roadmap. This is for. For a meeting that we've got to have to so that we, the commercial side of business has a better understanding. Of what's coming. This is basically the Edison product development plan commercial view. And so call number one is in the legacy CMS platform refactoring is should be done sometime in July. What does it look like? Yeah, Chuck, just to. Well, okay. Yeah, that's fine. Let's not get into details. It's. It's a little later than that, but that's fine. It's fine. Did you want me to stop, mark? No, no, no, no. I. I I should not have interrupted. My fault. Okay. And then. And then the new platform that they're working on, the Triton is going to go. What does that look like? What are the, what are the, what are the customer benefits? And then here, and I think I've listed all the things here that we've, that we want. And so I'm, when I finish this today, I'm going to send this out to you guys, see if there's anything that I haven't put on here so that we can have a, you know, kind of a translation meeting with dev customer success. You know, Quinn, I think these are all the things from, from this list. And then these are all the other things that you guys have from your wish list. And I'll send this out. You don't have to read it right now. And then BMG, you know, we've got some immediate deliverables. On the BMG side of things that are going to have material impact on Revenue in between now, the end of the year and next year, the following year. And so I want to make sure that we've got everything in one place. And so, as I send this out, as soon as we finish this call today, I'm jumping back in. I'm going to add all the BMG stuff. And then I think there'll be enough stuff there for us to go. Yeah. Okay. I think this, this has everything we want. Let's, let's go ahead and see if we can grab, you know, Kevin and Kali and Beth and J and sit down and, and make sure we've got everything in one place and see what we can get into, you know, see what the, the low hanging fruit is. Zach, the things that we need the first, like, would be demo. You know, we've got to be able to demo, you know, and so is there a place in the, is there a place in the. In the current process that we could, we could expedite that or sneak it in somewhere, and then you have just delivered a document that identifies, at least in some detail, you know, exactly what we want that to look like. So we just, I think it's very good idea for us to have a beating here over the course of the next week or two. And, and Kevin and I will drive it. Okay. Yeah. And Quinn, just so you know, I took the document that you created and we worked on on the call that just combined a couple of different call feedbacks and sent it to Chuck and Mark. Mark took a look at it. I've got just one or two comments to add there, and then I can just make sure everyone's got that updated doc in their hands.  
Me: Awesome.  
Them: Elizabeth Kali, what we're talking about from the commercial side is, is being. Better partners for dev and ops so that we can get, you know, provide as much detail up front of on the things that we need the fastest to see if there's ways to get them delivered quickly, etc. Etc. Etc. So we're, we're working on a dock that should be done by the end of this week. It will be like the commercial view of, of, of our wish list. And a follow-up meeting. And, Beth, I talked to Murph about this last week, and he was talking about kind of doing a show and tell for us so that with, with you and Mike mcgonagall. So we have an understanding from a, from a customer impact. What refactoring on the legacy system is going to provide the new system that we're working on creating the new platform that Triton will go on and any new customers. What's that going to provide from a customer benefit so that we can start marketing this stuff to new prospects that we're pitching to, you know, and won't be a year, year and a half cycle. So this stuff would likely be in by then, and then include in that discussion things that work with it, customer successes list, which you guys know. But we'll just put it all in one place and then track the BMG, the product family mapping, the course subject mapping, the K12 work, some additional UI reporting, like the adoption change report. So I don't want to hijack this meeting, but I think it's going to be very helpful for us, for the commercial side. If we can get all this thing, all this stuff on one page, meet with you guys, have a good understanding of what the, what the time frames are and then discuss what the priorities are that may have bubbled to the top as we start to dive in and figure out, you know, how to compete in against a course dog and a course leaf in this highly competitive market. So that's the product roadmap. That you're just, it is. I, and I completely get it. And there is a, and there's a product roadmap that we, what we're creating, Beth, is our under document that basically gives us an understanding of what questions to ask so that we understand that product roadmap in detail and what impact it's going to have. Okay. Okay. What questions you're going to ask who? What questions we're going to ask who Kali, I don't know what, for instance, I don't know that any of us know what this refactoring is going to do from a customer benefit standpoint, if anything. Yep. Got it. Yep, yep, yep. No. Yeah. No completely understand. So, yeah, we need from a product aspect, the, the user Journey with the dev efforts we have in place along with the support Journey. So those are two things on our radar. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Sorry. I just need a little more context. Oh, it's cool. It's great. So, for instance, from a, on the new system, right. If some of the things that we're looking for from a competitive standpoint will be on the new platform, we can start selling that stuff now. Right. Because these deals aren't going to be implemented next year. Let's be clear. It's not a new platform. Yeah. So, yeah. Okay. So I think I came into the point, though, you don't have any understanding of what's actually being done. So I think we just check the box of exactly why we need to have this conversation. Yep, yep, yep. Got it. But I guess I'm like, I'm maybe confused as to why we don't have any understanding of what is being done. I know technically. We don't like if we had to do a presentation on what Jimmy is doing to re-architect the database and store procedures and all that stuff. I mean, sure, we, I don't, I don't know how to describe that. But from what's coming in the first release with a trend IQ and a resource IQ, what, what are we missing? I think maybe this isn't a call for that. Or maybe we need to see your questions to understand what is missing, but I'm confused. I think on the, on the, my belief is that on the trend IQ, resource IQ piece, we, we, we have a, we have a deep understanding of what that is and how it impacts. We've already started to talk about that. Jameson and I and others are talking about how to start marketing and, and laying the groundwork for that. We're fine with that. But it's, it's, it's building upon. Like the product roadmap user group. Right. We, we talked a little bit about, I spoke a little bit about the refactoring at a very general level, spoke about how, you know, increased efficiency and capabilities with the workflow and so on and so forth, but in very general terms, I think what Chuck is saying is, you know, having a little bit deeper dives, we can actually have, you know, here's, here's, you know, here the, here are the specific things that this, that is going to impact you as users of the system. And then how do we start messaging that? So bet, it's, it's more just a little bit of a deeper dive into, into what it means for, from the user perspective. And I think I'm going back to Kali, your response or your, your comment about the user story and the support story, right? That's almost in the user journey. Maybe because the general functionality isn't changing. They're not really going to see anything on their end. So. Yeah, so it might be mood. However, their ability to, to potentially self-serve on some items as well as get quicker responses, you know, or, or quicker turnaround times from support and so on, so forth. I mean, there, there should be some, we should, we should be able to start to, to articulate some, some meaningful, measurable impact on their world. Base. That's not existing clients. That's to be seen. Okay. I think I understand a little bit better what you're trying to get to. So, and that's even, even if we, you know, we can start to, we can start to Market that it's going to be cloud native, you know, for new customers. We can start to, we can start to estimate, you know, faster days to value. That's a big one in this industry. You know, as people are making their decisions, it's what, you know, how long it's going to take to implement? How long will I have, what are my days to Value? And so, you know, so things like that just help us, help us a lot. Okay.  
Me: Guys can you give me 30 seconds? Sorry. I'll be right back.  
Them: Sure. Hello.  
Me: Hey Nali, I'm on another call right now but just wanted to check in everything okay?  
Them: I just wanted to know if you saw that I am not available at 11. I'm available up to 11.  
Me: I misunderstood okay I'll cancel that call. Thank you for clearing that up.  
Them: Yeah. Okay.  
Me: Okay bye bye.  
Them: Bye. Some core functionality that will be built into the system. And then we need to start talking about if they need the broader scope, how do we and the BMG under the auspices or under the family brand of Acadia? How do we start selling and marketing that, what is it, the discovery or whatever it is, I forget what it's called, the full platform. Yeah, it does. But day one, if someone wants to turn that on July 2nd, they have to have to already be, they already have to be a client. Institution specifically. Correct. Yeah, I have to have course and program turned on. Correct. They need core meta. In the event that they, in the event that they want, the broader BMG solution, then we will turn them on to the full. Whatever it's called discovered. I forget what it is. And then we would license that to them. Okay. Settle back to.  
Me: What's the latest thinking on how we charge? Is it free for all?  
Them: Billions.  
Me: Awesome. Love to hear that. That's a lot of ARR.  
Them: Yeah. We don't know yet, Quinn, but we'll certainly, we'll start off seeding, you know, with some key customers. See if we can create a buzz.  
Me: Cool.  
Them: And they'll help us figure out the more details of the use case.  
Me: Really good.  
Them: All right. Quinn, you want to lead?  
Me: Beth Kaly thanks for hopping on guys. Kind of a summary and putting circling back on the fresh eye report that we did a couple weeks ago. And so I think we had kind of four or five conclusions from it and just wanted to make sure that we have a house view on them and are tracking towards all of them. Kind of getting solved. So the first one that we called out was that most of our customers are kind of lower level and not quite decision makers. And so that's something that we're really pushing for on the CS side through chops as well as through more strategic push that we've just started. We're kicking off creating these kinds of decks for every customer. They're super tight and they're just about kind of expressing the whole package of everything that we offer in a very concise and strategic way that can be passed around to upper levels within each school. So these are.  
Them: So that's just, sorry Quinn, just over there. So that's just for.  
Me: Getting.  
Them: That's for, I guess someone, someone at the college or university who doesn't use our system on a day to day basis.  
Me: Yes, yes these would definitely be a part of meetings with people who do use us on a day to day basis. But the real goal for these is to start to get up above those people, get to their bosses and get to the leadership levels of the school. And Mark is really going to be, especially with the key customers, Mark will be really leading these meetings.  
Them: Right. So basically, go ahead, Beth. Sorry. Sorry. So that's just to solidify our purpose or our place with the company or that's to add new modules. I guess what's the both end goals. So the goal, the, the strategy is, is twofold. One, from a, from a customer success chop perspective, working with our current contacts, right? The, the, the operators of the system, the curriculum specialist, curriculum committee chairs, those folks who already know about us. This is just making sure that they're well aware of a, the value proposition, the impact we have and so on, so forth. It's giving them a little bit more firepower in their conversations. Well, that's going on at the, at the customer success level than myself and others will be doing the same type of discussions and presentations with, with, you know, provost, vice provost, deans of academic services, those other individuals. So basically, we're going to hit the institution or the client at the top level, at the leadership level and at the operator level and bring those two together so that across the entire enterprise, they understand our value, our value proposition and, and what the future could look like. Is that help a little bit? Yeah. So this gets delivered like, so by you, let's say this example, but then, but this does not replace, not that it would, but I was kind of putting it out there. This doesn't replace the actual, you know, day-to-day or week to week month account management of the client. No, no, no, no, no. This is, this is the, this is us making sure that everyone is well aware of our value add and our impact on the institution. Operationally and strategically. Yeah. So this, this should align with actually how we're touching them in their day to day lives, you know, on whatever that, that. Interval basis is. Correct. Then. Yeah. This is the strategy level of the chop process. Yeah. I'm just thinking that the chop process without the, again, sort of the, the dead. And I know it's not day to day, but let's just say the day to day, you know, here's your tickets. Are they open and closed? Are you getting what you need? You know, what's up coming in your world? That, that isn't getting lost in some of the kind of fancier marketing stuff that we're. No, no, this is, this is in addition to laughing at me. Not replacing. You know what I'm saying, though, don't you? Yes. Yes. You know, the chop, the chop process has been very instrumental in, in bringing things to the table and in resolving issues and forming clients, we don't want to lose that capability. So, so that is still, that is still job one. But then we need to make sure that the operators, you know, the curriculum specialists and the others that we, that we commonly communicate with, that they're aware of these things because we're going to start hitting the institutions at the leadership level as well. And so, so job one is the, the primary goal of customer success and the chop process is still that. This is a value add a, in addition to that, and it is not replacing those, those week to week, bi-weekly monthly, quarterly pieces. Events. And the reason Beth is asking that question, it's a fair question, is that when we started this process last summer, you know, there really was no dedicated process to connect with all of our customers. And so we leaned heavily on Kali to help us with that. And Kali and Beth to help us develop plans to implement the chop process so that a client success team could be, could be developed and take over that data day. But because when we, when we, when we have customers who, who are not being contacted and are not being educated and are not being explained to them their status of their tickets, it's mayhem.  
Me: Yep, definitely not getting rid of that part.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. And just not that, I mean, I know we're, we're working with, you know, we, we don't have a ton of resources across the board, so I just, yeah, making sure that the people who are in charge of day-to-day handling of the clients, that's what their focus is. People who are in charge of, you know, this, this sort of rollout to some of the higher ups, that's what they're. Just, you know, making sure we don't lose sight of that day-to-day touch of the, of the client, just the basic blocking and tackling, as some would say.  
Me: Yeah. I think to put a really fine point on it, won't have any impact on the level of support, the current level of support. It won't decrease the level of support that customers are getting from CSMs. Cool. We can keep going on tickets at this point as well. So there was another point that I brought up about the ticketing system kind of creating friction for CX for customer experience. And Kali, you and I were just talking about this. Last night as well because the flip side of it is that oftentimes customers, either one, don't create great tickets on their own or worse, they don't even create tickets on their own at all. And they ask their CSM to submit tickets for them. Which actually tends to create a much worse customer experience and a much worse support experience for the support team as well.  
Them: Yeah, I would prefer. Just from the downstream impact. Not even my preference, but it has data and ability to support that client's vague request is more efficiently triaged, communicated and worked verse a client services rendition of a customer's vague request. So, so it's almost like.  
Me: Right.  
Them: Two different problems that one is just ease a little more easily solvable and doesn't impact Downstream operations nearly as much versus the other. So, so which one has the biggest impact? And are we in control of that? We are.  
Me: Yeah. So I think that there's a couple things that we can do, maybe three or four things that we can do to solve this because we did bring up ticketing best practices. In the virtual user group last week. And I think it was actually kind of a hit, I think a lot customers were interested and they actually came back requesting more information on that. And some changes as well. So we shared the ticketing bestpractices doc before. We will absolutely can and will resend. We can create more documentation as well, more guides, more how to's and arm customers with that too. Customers also had a request that we could add one or two fields to the ticket system that specifically request things like business use case and size of impact. Would you be open to making some edits to the zendesk for that?  
Them: Open to that. If I had any, if there was any indication that they were capable of submitting that information. On a consistent basis? Like, is that like feedback from one person, like 10 come back? Like, I feel like that if we're asking for business use case and size of impact and they're requested for a field, those fields aren't.  
Me: Okay. That's helpful.  
Them: I think that part of triage that needs to be established and in general, especially client services, if they're getting it as an escalation, the expectation is they would understand it and they would be able to, to enter that impact. But coming from a customer, I don't, I don't know that.  
Me: Most wouldn't get used correctly.  
Them: I don't know that it would be a reasonable expectation to find that have them put valuable information there knowing our customers. Well, if we believe the information would be valuable from a, from a support perspective and if, and if we have a premise that our clients are not. In a position to, to accurately or correctly input that data, then if, once again, if we believe it's important and valuable and if we believe that, that they're lacking the background to be able to do that, then we should be leveraging the customer support, the customer success process to educate them and train them how to do that. So to, to, to dismiss the idea and not criticizing them, saying to, no, to, to dismiss the idea because they're not capable of doing it. If it's valuable to us, then it becomes incumbent upon us to teach, train and educate. Right. And we can use the child process to make that happen. No, I completely agree. I do think business use case would be a, a good field to have. It, I think it would, it would end up being, which we could do it. I almost can guarantee it'll be a repetitive repeat of the actual issue. So I need to be able to do this, which is fine. Then they're just typing it twice. There's also been feedback that our ticketing process is too complicated. So if we're, if we're getting some feedback that it's too complicated, but other feedback to add fields that they may not understand, I, I don't want to go in circle solving a bunch, like basically, let's have, let's, let's take all of that. And is it too complicated? Do we need more fields? Do we need to make it longer? Do we need to make it shorter? Do we need to make it simpler? How do we, how do we take all of that feedback and leverage it? Sure. And if it's complicated, then the, the question we should be asking during the customer success process during the chop calls and otherwise is to find out what is complicated, what is, what is confusing. And if it is, then once again, we use the process to educate, train and so on, so forth. It could be as simple as a little study guide, right? A little, a little cheat sheet. Right. How to, how to, how to, how to create great tickets, right? Step one, step two, step three, and then walk them through some things and maybe even hold some, some webinars or, or make that part of the, the next user group community, right? How do we do that if, if our clients are not doing something well enough on the, on this, on the ticketing side, then let's identify it and let's educate them and get them better at it. And that should, Mark, I would think, Mark, Quinn, I would think that that wouldn't take too long. Right. Most, most of our customers, is there one person who enters the tickets or are there multiple people who enter the tickets? Multiple. Parents. Yeah. Some are better than others. Right. Just, just like in a classroom truck, right? There's, there's motorcycles, bicycles and tricycles. And, and the, the, the motorcycles are going to look at that potential study guide or a training session. There go, got it. And they're going to be really good at it right away. The bicycles are going to catch up a little bit later. And quite frankly, there'll be some tricycles that will never get it. So. Just from a number sake, 10 customers account for 50 of our support requests on a, on a month to month, week, week to week, month to month, quarter by quarter year, year in, year out basis. Those, those 10 customers have at least three people entering tickets. So multiple different people, some of those tickets crossover and on our same modules, some of them have very module specific module specific ticket requests where they don't cross over. So that's something to keep in mind. And I'm not shutting down any ticketing improvements, but I do want to be as intentional with all feedback that we've received and, and not just the most recent feedback we've received. Sure. Well, we, we target and we target, we target those 10. Then Kali, right? We hit those 10 first. They make that, they make that the, the, the, the mission for, for customer success between now and the end of the year with the goal of, you know, before the end of the year.  
Me: Yeah, that's good to ground it.  
Them: You know, of those 10 only, only three are accounting for the majority of the tickets or something like that. Okay. Yeah. I mean, of those 10, 20 are three customers. Well, there we go. So then. Yeah. Yeah. What are, what are those customers doing? How often are we touching those, like things like that? Definitely. How are they putting in tickets? What's impacting our ability? I think this has just come up with loss beetas impacting our ability to support them is the number of tickets sitting in UAT. Like, we can't, we can't work their tickets effectively and efficiently because of the ones sitting in your tapes and things like that. But, yeah, I'm completely open to either working sessions, working groups, but I just, I, I just want to be knowing that some, our folks, our customers are very change is sometimes hard for them.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: So I just want to be as intentional as possible as we can with the changes that we put in place.  
Me: Kali.  
Them: Quinn, did you say there is a, there was a document floating around about the feedback. Send us feedback. Or ticket feedback.  
Me: No. Was that something I said today or previously?  
Them: Yeah. In reference to the user group. So, so group and there was some feedback during that conversation. So it wasn't structured, certainly not quantitative, qualitative at best.  
Me: Or.  
Them: You know, and not, and not from the entire group, but from a, you know, from, I, I can't tell you if it was one or two or three. I don't know, but it wasn't, it wasn't a unanimous, it was a comment. Yeah. Yeah. They've got, they've got a bunch of likes. Yeah. Oh, oh, I'm sorry. I thought this was like a document that was created that we could read.  
Me: I think. It was like a comment or something during the user group. Yeah. No worries. Yeah, it's just live.  
Them: The comments were, you know, use case because we were telling them what we need. And then the feedback we got was, well, you know, that makes sense. Use case and size of impact with the two things I think we really talked about. And they said, can you put that? Put a spot on the form where we can fill that stuff in. Yeah. Yeah. And the reason why I don't want to go adding a bunch of stuff, we just took a bunch of fields out of there because of feedback we got last summer that there's too many things to fill in and people don't know what to do and there's friction with how this four meets a ton of questions. So we slimmed it down. So I just, I just want to make sure that we're not, we're not losing sight of the history of why it is the way it is. Yeah.  
Me: Yeah. I think that is good. Yeah Kali a lot of times. Users don't even really know what they want and users will make requests that are different than what their behavior actually matches. But I saw that at a gaming company I worked at where everyone bitched about the number of ads, but we showed that we could increase ads and it wouldn't decrease playtime at all. So oftentimes user behavior.  
Them: When there were so many ads in that app, there were so many.  
Me: Exactly already. And we could increase and they would only comments were get rid of the ads, but we would increase ads and people would still play the same amount. So oftentimes I'm not saying ignore user feedback, but I'm just saying Kali's got a good point.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: To always take it with a grain of salt. Think.  
Them: Yeah. You know, my, my favorite version, my favorite version of that was Henry Ford as he was deciding to build the first automobile. Right. And his investors said, well, have you got, have you got customer feedback? He goes, customer feedback. What are you talking about? He goes, if we asked our customers, they just ask for a faster horse.  
Me: Exactly.  
Them: They don't even, they can't.  
Me: That's right.  
Them: I do think from for general best practices as much as we want that from the request where the business use case and size of impact makes more sense is when the client services members involved in the ticket creation. Let's not just pass through. Let's be intentional. I'm not cutting and pasting the customer's issue and just sending it on. I'm actually trying to understand what problem the customer is having. And I'm a resource for them asking specific questions so I can arm our support with more information. So it's a value add versus a pass through which slows down response time from customer slows down uat time and causes missed work, which means that the customer was expecting something different than what was actually done. And we're having to rework things. So those are some three downstream impacts where if, if client services went on a little fact finding mission of what's happening here, why is that happening? What are you trying to solve for? Why do you want it like that? Like nai is a perfect example of who she just did that for lost cacas and it came out that internally they were doing something wrong and they weren't aligned between teams because she was asking questions.  
Me: Adding value.  
Them: So that's exactly the where the business use case and finding the size of impact would uncover when you go and you are that support role on the client services side. Well, if we.  
Me: That was a good chop. Kali. Is there one customer who or multiple who just fill out stellar tickets regularly? If I was going to grab a bunch and use them as training material.  
Them: Just have to think about that non draw none come to mind. I think you have your answer, Quinn. It's not obvious and immediate. None, none, none come to mind. But mike would know that better than I would. I, I have eyes on everything. So I see all the back and forth. But if something is handled very streamlined, like just going through them like, oh, where'd that come from? It's typically because it's not, it's not a, a huge burden on our resources and he would be the best person. So I'll ask him and I'll let you know.  
Me: All right. Okay. Thank you.  
Them: Can we come back to the, back to customers customer success and the ticket process? So my understanding is, and Beth, this is also based on the conversation you and I had on Tuesday that we, we would prefer, right collectively, we would prefer that customer success not enter in the tickets for the client. Right. That's our preference. So however, if there is potential value. In the customer success, the CSM. Helping or supporting the triage component, right, drawing out of the client a bit more what they're actually trying to do. You know, because, because Kali, you, you gave an example of not, you know, the, the CSM not just copy and pasting, you know, an email or communication right to that. So, so we're not going to answer that question today or right now, but I would like to plant the seed that, okay, then if a, we don't want CSMs entering tickets, rightfully so. But B, there might be some value in them. Being a subject matter expert, client expert, that kind of thing. How do we then incorporate effectively CSMs into the triage and support process so that they don't, they don't complicate or make the process, you know, take longer, but actually add value. We're not, we're not going to answer that, we're not answer that question right now. But I think we should think about it and say, how can we leverage a surely a Natalie and others as we build that team out? To more easily better effectively support all of your efforts, Kali, the teams that, that you guys serve. So plant that seed and we'll, and just think about that. Maybe we can talk about that. No, I have so we can. I, I mean, I can give some feedback on it right now. I have thought about it because where support had entered about 80% of the tickets for customers up until July of last year, it's now down to about 20%. I do think that honestly, in March, it was 40 and then, you know, at ebbs and flows. But right now, over the last, like, three weeks, it was probably, it's probably 20 February, March. It was, it was 40 to 50. So it does ebb and flow. I do think that we want to be careful for asking for technical advice or having their technical feedback because of the complications behind the scenes. But having understanding of business use case and being able to, to, to guide on the impact of the problem are the two, the two biggest things where they're pulled into a ticket creation scenario. And if we can keep it at 80 20, I think that's a good balance. Like 20 of the time client services are smooth ticket because it's kind of natural in the flow of supporting the customer. That, like, there are going to be. Exceptions to standard operating procedure and what's generally accepted. We want to guide the customer from a normal support aspect to that. But there are always going to be outlyings, outlier situations. And when there are business use case and size of impact. Okay. All right. So if we can, if we can, if we can keep it to, to 80 20. Yeah, that, that seems to be a 80 20 or, or better, right? Or better or better worst case scenario. Worst case scenario of the operational impact of that, that change is the pain threshold. And the above 20 things get, get cockeyed. Right. So, so, so let's just work on that and monitor that. And when we, when we creep above 20, then let Quinn know so that we can rein in the, the CSN find out why. Find out why. And chances are it's going to come down to hypothesize here that it'll come down to three clients. It'll be the same. It'll be the, this three out of the 10 or something like that. There'll be something interesting there. There'll be somebody interesting. So, so Kali, just keep us posted on if we start getting above 20. Then, you know, getting close to 20. Let us know so we can rein that in. And, and maybe we can start tracking on the CSM side who, who on the, who, what client is, is, do we have to handhold more than others? Right. Okay. Yep. Mark, can I, and this is, you know, this may be just real simplistic statement. But the one thing that I'm taken away from here from this discussion is when a CIS, if they probably do this already, they may just not be ordered like this. But when a CSM touches a ticket, their goal for touching that ticket is to add value to the ticket by, first of all, making sure it's clear, but also by providing a use case and size of impact. Yes. Potentially. And, but, and, and, and to add to that, Chuck, excellent point, those two points are critical. And the third piece is do not add. Any technical expectations. Like, we don't need. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Will, like, we don't want customer service, client services to tell us how to solve the business use case they are trying or problem that the customer is having that we are solving for because we need to empower our triage and our support team and the programmers and developers to make those judgments based off all the expectations for how our system should be behave and to meet the need within the parameters they are allowed. So the, the client services is setting a technical expectation for something we can't support. The customers copied on that, and then we don't look aligned internally about what we can do and what we can't do. I think that's a big takeaway. I get that sidebar question, Kali. When the CSM, it's probably Natalie. I'm sure that, you know, I don't know that surely knows the platform that well, but when Natalie does include some that is she, is she oftentimes incorrect? Yes. Okay. Got it. Or, or we have to realign expectations because what's being asked for and how it's being asked for is like the solutions already presented. As an expectation and that we can't deliver. So we're having to unwind what was laid out in front of the customer. So, like, you're pulling the customer into something that should be internal conversation. It's setting up the Ops person for failure is what it's. Yeah, it happens at least, I would say a couple times a month where we're like, oh, that's a no. Sorry.  
Me: Sounds good. Thanks guys. Bye bye. 